chore(docs): match doc page titles with their respective titles in toc (#435)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorials/index.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   1. Create a Hello World ROCK <hello-world>
   2. Containerise a PyPI package <pypi-package.rst>

>    3. Put Chisel slices in a ROCK <chisel.rst>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Install package slices in a ROCK <chisel.rst>
```
